BEAR GRYLLS OBE, has become known worldwide as one of the most recognized faces of
survival and outdoor adventure.

Trained from a young age in martial arts, Grylls went on to spend three years as a soldier in
the British Special Forces, as part of 21 SAS Regiment. It was here that he perfected many of
the survival skills that his fans all over the world enjoy, as he pits himself against the worst
of Mother Nature.
Despite a free-fall parachuting accident in Africa, where he broke his back in three places and endured many months in and out of military rehabilitation, Grylls recovered and went on to become one of the youngest climbers ever to reach the summit of Mount Everest.
He then went on to star in seven seasons of the Discovery Channel’s Emmy Award-nominated Man vs. Wild TV series, which became one of the most-watched shows on the planet, reaching an estimated 1.2 billion viewers.

Since then he has gone on to host more extreme adventure TV shows across more global
networks than anyone else in the world, including six seasons of the global hit TV show Running Wild with Bear Grylls.

Running Wild has featured Bear taking some of the world’s best-known stars on incredible adventures. These include President Obama, Julia Roberts, Roger Federer, Will Ferrell, Channing Tatum, and Kate Winslet, to name but a few.
Bear also hosts the Emmy Award-winning interactive Netflix show You Vs Wild, which was one of Netflix’s most watched shows in 2020. Netflix & Bear then forged new ground by make two interactive movie versions of You Vs Wild including the second most watched film on Netflix US, titled: Animals On The Loose.

You Vs Wild spectacularly won him two EMMY’s for best show and best host. Bear has also won two BAFTAS for his hit Channel 4 show The Island with Bear Grylls.

Bear filmed an iconic adventure with Prime Minister Modi of India, which achieved a landmark record as the ‘world’s most trending televised event, with a staggering 3.6 BILLION impressions’. This was the start of many episodes with Indian superstars that have broken records and won awards in Asia for their originality. This includes his Netflix India movie Ranveer Vs Wild where Bear guides the Indian star Ranveer Singh on an epic journey across the mountains. This was the second most trending movie in all of India.